[light music]
[foreboding music]
[theme music]
[gunshot]
[theme music continues]
[mysterious music]
[thrilling music]
[Vincenzo] My goal is…
to tear down this building.
[explosion]
[suspenseful music]
[glasses shattering]
[blast]
[suspenseful music]
72 HOURS AGO, ROME, ITALY
[phone alarm ringing]
[phone beeps]
[sighs]
[distant bells ringing]
[exhales sharply]
[bells ringing]
[distant siren wailing]
[somber music]
CONSIGLIERE OF THE CASSANO FAMILY
VINCENZO CASSANO
A LEGAL ADVISER OR COUNSELOR
OF AN ITALIAN MAFIA'S BOSS
[thrilling music]
[in Italian]
To Emilio's house.
Yes, Mr. Consigliere.
[engine starts]
[foreboding music]
EPISODE 1
[suspenseful music]
[aircraft engine droning]
[suspenseful music continues]
[in Italian]
Why did you come here?
[gate clanking]
GRECCO VINEYARD
[birds chirping]
[tranquil music]
[Emilio scoffs]
[in Italian] How can you do business
even on the day of your boss' funeral?
[slurps]
[slurping continues]
[in Italian] This is the last offer
from my boss, Fabio.
An offer from his grave? Not interested.
You can take it and leave.
Killing Union President Carlo
to take over the vineyard and the union
was a mistake on your part.
He was like…
a brother to Fabio.
Whatever the offer is,
I won't be accepting it.
Does it sound like an offer to you?
This is Fabio's last act of mercy to a man
who killed his dear friend.
Ah!
Are you here to make a deal…
or to threaten me?
[inhales deeply]
If you sign this now…
there won't be any problems.
-[cutlery clatters]
-Get lost!
Go back to your country,
you arrogant yellow.
I fought fair and square to take over.
The Cassano family has no shares
in this place.
Get out of here.
[foreboding music]
[aircraft engine droning]
[water pattering]
You sure you won't regret it?
[Emilio chuckles]
Regret?
The Lucino family is backing me up.
I'm not scared to go to war.
Regret is the most painful thing
you can experience in life.
Hmm.
[Vincenzo] Emilio.
I am here to give you a chance
to redeem yourself,
not to start a war.
Sure. Whatever.
Arigatou.
[in Italian]
You uncivilized yellow.
[suspenseful music]
[foreboding music]
-[cocks gun]
-Uh, Emilio…
[in English]
You disrespected my people.
You will pay for that.
You piece of shit.
[suspenseful music]
[in Italian]
Vincenzo, did you curse at me?
What did you say to me?
[aircraft engine droning]
Why are they spraying
the pesticides today?
We sprayed them last week.
Damn it! What…
[sniffs]
Shit.
They're not spraying pesticides.
[ominous music]
[thrilling music]
[lighter clicks]
[clinks]
[dramatic classical music]
[door closes]
[fire blazing]
[Emilio gasps]
[in Italian]
Oh, no! It's all burning!
Everything is burning!
Don't just stand there!
Move it! Now!
[Emilio] Hurry!
[people clamoring]
[Emilio] That asshole, Vincenzo!
I'll get my revenge!
I'll get back at everyone!
You and the Cassano family!
Hurry!
-[people clamoring]
-[roars]
[engine revs]
[dramatic classical music]
[blazing]
[dramatic classical music continues]
[church bells toll]
[car door closes]
[somber music]
[man speaking Italian]
[in Italian]
Father.
[snips]
[clinks]
[lighter clicks]
[lighter clinks]
[tobacco sizzles]
[in Italian] You could have done that
after the funeral.
It was his last order.
He told me to take care of it
as soon as possible.
Even so, burning down
the entire vineyard was stupid.
He said I could use any means necessary
to get it done.
Right. My father always trusted
your decisions,
but never trusted mine.
Because you were always careless
when you took care of things.
You went against his word
that no matter what happens,
we do not harm women or children.
[tobacco sizzles]
[suspenseful music]
Vincenzo.
My friend.
My brother.
Now that I'm your boss,
I'd like to see you be more loyal.
Paolo.
My brother.
I am always ready
to show my loyalty to you…
as long as you deserve it.
[suspenseful music]
[door closes]
[Vincenzo sighs]
[exhales]
[distant siren wailing]
[exhales sharply]
[ominous music]
[foreboding music]
[suspenseful music]
[door opens]
[gunshots]
[thrilling music]
[thrilling music continues]
[groans]
[Vincenzo sighs]
[in Italian]
Looking for me?
Huh?
[gun cocks]
[gunshot]
[suspenseful music]
[dog barking]
[phone rings]
[ringing continues]
[Vincenzo in Italian]
Did you enjoy the party?
[Paolo] Vincenzo.
[dog barks]
[Vincenzo] Hmm. I can hear Payan barking.
You must be heading towards the door.
How did you…
[Vincenzo] Oh, right.
Let me apologize in advance.
I know that it's your favorite car.
[explosion]
[screams]
[Vincenzo] I didn't kill you
out of respect for Fabio.
[guards shouting]
[Vincenzo] And this will be the last time.
I'm leaving Italy
and will never come back.
Do not look for me.
[thrilling music]
The next time you try to find me,
the car will explode before you get off.
[Vincenzo] Paolo.
I knew you didn't deserve to be the boss.
[thrilling music continues]
["Adrenaline" by Aalia playing]
LIST OF BUSINESSES IN GEUMGA PLAZA
GEUMGA PLAZA TO BE DEMOLISHED
DUE TO CONGLOMERATE'S TYRANNY
GEUMGA PLAZA
Ta-da!
[chuckles]
Time for a little celebration.
YOU ONLY LIVE ONCE
I had it made for you by the best bakery
in Yeonnam-dong.
[slams]
Thanks, but no thanks.
Hmm.
Most people would jump at a chance
to have their cake and eat it too.
-I have my principles.
-Hmm.
Oh. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
[laughs]
I object.
Signing up as a guinea pig
to pay off your student loans
was a bold move.
And even though
you suffered no side effects,
you decided to blow the whistle.
Do you know what that is?
-Opportunistic.
-[Seon-ho] Yeah.
-An opportunity to tell the truth.
-[Cha-young gasps]
The moral high ground.
Well…
Babel can get you back down
with one monster lawsuit.
-What?
-We're going to take you to court.
We're going to obliterate
every nook and cranny of your life.
And you can look around all you want,
there will be no one to help you. No one.
You'll be crying all alone, Seon-ho.
'Cause no one cares.
Except for me.
Hong Cha-young has got your back.
I'm your new best friend.
[Cha-young clicks tongue]
Now, pull the topper.
[sighs]
[hums "Für Elise" by Beethoven]
YOU ONLY LIVE ONCE
[Cha-young] Oh?
[gasps]
What?
[Cha-young exclaims]
Ohh! Whoa! Wow!
How much is that?
[scooter humming]
Oh!
[Cha-young] How the hell did he get
to a law school?
[grumbles]
[Cha-young grunts]
Uh… Sorry, I'm late.
In the future, call a cab
if you're gonna be late, Joon-woo.
Ha! My scooter's faster
and a lot cooler too.
-Well, I'm not cool with waiting.
-I know.
Yoon In-seo cornered me.
He needed a bunch of copies.
Remind me again
the kind of people I am allergic to.
[snaps]
Robotic ones.
Right. Because they work their asses off
without thinking,
and still manage to come up short.
But I got here faster
using my scooter, right?
Do I get points for that?
Yes, but you lose points
for your crappy tie,
so the jury is still out.
Huh? But Steve Jobs
wore turtlenecks, didn't he?
You want my respect,
dress respectably. You got it?
Got it.
COURTHOUSE
[doctor] The 13 clinical cases
conducted in the United States
proved the safety of Coisanic,
the main ingredient of RDU-90.
The clinical study shows
that Coisanic is highly effective
in the treatment of severe pain
with minimal risks to safety.
It has successfully completed
all clinical trials
in France, Germany,
and The Netherlands in 2019.
The claim that participants died
from side effects
of the drug is unfounded,
as are the plaintiff's accusation
shared with the press.
All victims died of myocardial infarction
and none of them had an underlying risk.
"Pulmonary edema, arrhythmia,
and low blood pressure."
It's all right here
in the medical reports.
Those are the patient histories,
not the victims' medical reports.
They showed signs of overdose.
The paramedics that were
on the scene corroborated it.
Paramedics are remarkably
skilled professionals,
but they are not licensed doctors.
Your Honor, this transcript is from
the original statement of a participant.
Babel has since then coerced him
into changing his statement.
-With the intent of intimidating--
-Your Honor, if I may?
[Cha-young] The participant
has retracted his statement.
He confessed to perjury about an hour ago.
[chuckles]
The interrogation report.
The witness planned to extort money
from Babel Pharm
through the plaintiff's counsel.
But his plan's changed
when his conscience got the better of him.
[Mr. Hong] Your Honor.
There's no proof of perjury.
The original transcript
was sworn under oath.
It should be heard.
The court cannot proceed
until the perjury charge
has been determined.
[judge] We will reconvene
in this courtroom in one week.
That is all. Court is adjourned.
[bag thuds]
[grumbles]
[groans]
[Mr. Hong] Give me a cigarette.
-I quit two years ago.
-Then go away.
Anyway, you should quit smoking
and start using shampoo.
If you came here to lecture, go away.
We could have just settled out of court.
We wouldn't be in this mess
if you weren't so pigheaded about things.
"Pigheaded?"
I should disown you.
You already did, remember?
Damn it.
Resorting to bribing a key witness,
that's a new low.
Do you feel better trying to drag me down
to your level?
I'll tell you how it makes me feel.
It makes me feel dirty.
It absolutely breaks my heart
that you work for them.
[sighs]
Daddy.
You can't win this battle, you know.
And even if you don't think of me
as your daughter anymore…
I can't help worrying about you.
I worry about the toll
this is taking on you
physically and emotionally.
Please.
You gotta let this go, Dad.
I'll be there for you.
Now that I'm older, I finally realize
that family is everything…
-and I don't wanna lose mine.
-[scoffs]
[huffs]
-Cha-young.
-Yes, Daddy.
I have a suggestion.
Spend some time in acting class.
And take a break
from ruining people's lives.
You're going down, Dad!
No. Not if justice prevails.
But one thing is certain…
-I will officially disown you.
-You go ahead and try.
I mean it this time.
Bye.
[mysterious music]
Excuse me.
Hi. I need to see some identification.
WANTED
NAME: PARK JEONG-GUK
Now please show me your passport.
[sighs]
REPUBLICA ITALIANA
VINCENZO CASSANO
[officer] Huh?
Oh.
[chuckles]
I wasn't expecting you to be Italian.
Your name is so, oh, different.
Uh, well, uh, the person we want
is just Korean.
[officer chuckles]
I apologize.
[laughs]
Hey. Ho… hold on a minute, Mr. Vincen…
"Vincen Zo"?
That's very common around here.
Pan-yong Cho?
[cackles]
I would like to go now.
Right. Here.
[Vincenzo]
Yes, Mr. Cho. I got here safely.
I see.
I'll meet you there, then.
Why don't we say about
an hour and a half? Great.
[chauffeur] Come on. You can't cancel
on me at the last minute like that.
Excuse me, sir.
Do you need a ride into town?
-Yes.
-Ah…
Well, I'm a chauffeur.
My client just canceled so my car is free.
Where are you headed?
Geumga-dong area.
I know it. I promise
I'll get you there in good time.
-I'm fine.
-You must be tired.
Please get in. Here we are.
That is a beautiful suit.
[chauffeur sighs]
[car engine revs]
[gulps]
Sir, were you traveling on business?
Or was it a vacation?
I'd like some quiet.
Of course. I understand.
[chuckles]
[light upbeat music plays on radio]
[sighs]
I'd rather hear the news.
[chauffeur] Oh, sure. Of course.
[music stops]
[radio reporter]
…was apprehended by the police.
In several fishing villages,
Korean Coast Guard…
[Vincenzo]
I have one month to wrap things up.
Then I'll head over to Malta.
[radio reporter]
There have also been reports of crimes
against travelers arriving at the airport.
According to police,
man posing as a limousine driver
spiked their water bottles
with sleeping pills…
Oh, that's so bad for business
when we have Bong Joon-ho
and BTS working so hard
to make us look good.
And these idiots
are ruining our reputation.
Wouldn't you agree?
[radio reporter]
Based on the victim's statement…
[Vincenzo] When this is done,
I'll be free from all of this.
Drinking an ice cold beer,
overlooking Xlendi Bay.
[snores]
The in-flight meal must've been salty.
He went straight for the bottle.
[chuckles]
-[sinister laugh]
-[snores]
[sinister laugh continues]
INTERNATIONAL SECURITY
INTELLIGENCE SERVICE
They got Wang.
It got messy over in Incheon
and now he's missing an arm.
What? Where is he now?
And where is his arm?
This is not good.
Ma'am, ten minutes ago,
we have Masato of the Kawaguchi Gang
cornered at a bakery.
But then he slashed himself
with a bread knife.
-What? Is he alive?
-Uh-huh.
Oh, that's gotta hurt.
-Get me a helicopter. Let's go.
-On it.
[in Russian] So what?
Do you have the details?
How the hell did he get here?
ITALY ORGANIZED CRIME RESPONSE
[classical music plays on headphone]
[alarm beeps]
SECURITY CLEARANCE NOTIFICATION
[ominous music]
[gasps]
Oh. Oh, boy.
A consigliere from the Italian Mafia…
In Korea.
[ominous music crescendos]
When he came here five years ago,
he could still fly below the radar.
But now, it's a whole other story.
He's moved up.
Now he has the power and the respect.
[exhales]
[Mr. An] He's a big fish.
Tell me something, Mr. An.
Why would a consigliere
come all the way to Korea?
It's so far away from his territory.
Korea's on the map, sir.
We're a global target market.
And maybe he just wants to enjoy
our market.
Bulgogi, dongdongju, makgeolli,
pajeon. Like the tourist.
With all due respect,
this man is not here on vacation.
-We got an alert from Europe.
-I know.
That doesn't mean we have to act on it.
We can't track every European
who comes through here.
Just let me do surveillance.
-The Italian Mafia is serious business.
-Just let him be.
No surveillance and that is an order.
-He's the con--
-Enough!
[elevator bell dings]
-[Cha-young hums]
-[Joon-woo huffs]
[Joon-woo hums]
[Do-hun] Ah, Ms. Hong,
I heard you killed it.
[In-seo] Congratulations.
[Seong-wan] You're our new in-house hero.
[Seong-wan and Do-hun chuckle]
[Cha-young sighs]
♪ Who is number one
Rising like the morning sun? ♪
♪ Hong Cha, Hong Cha-young ♪
♪ Having too much fun ♪
♪ Being number, number one, yeah ♪
-♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
-[knocks on door]
[door opens]
♪ Hong Cha-young, Hong Cha
Hong Cha, Hong Cha ♪
♪ Hong Cha-young, Hong Cha ♪
[chuckles]
[Mr. Han] I should have them
install blinds in here.
They can see right through.
[clicks tongue]
I'd be careful going after your dad
the way you did back there.
He's not my dad.
He's just opposing counsel.
[Mr. Han laughs]
Well, the opposing counsel
didn't get the nickname Tosa for nothing.
That's why he always bites off
more than he can chew.
I'll bury this thing next week.
Excellent.
A real superstar can end things
before they get out of hand.
I should've quashed this earlier.
I apologize.
You've done us proud.
[laughs]
You should celebrate.
Take the rest of the day off. I insist.
Oh, I forgot.
I gave you a little bonus.
Surprise goodies. Hmm.
[sighs]
[Cha-young]
You don't have to give me a bonus.
You treat me so generously here already.
[sobs]
Don't make me cry.
Your sincerity is incredibly touching.
You have to take it. And I want to hear
that you spent it on something fun.
Okay, Cha-young.
[laughs]
♪ Cha-young, Hong Cha-young ♪
Now get out of here. I mean it.
[chuckles]
[door bangs]
Probably withheld taxes.
[groans]
[aircraft engine drones]
[chauffeur] He must have had a long trip.
I didn't even have to trick him
into drinking the water.
[cackles]
I told you, didn't I?
I can spot the loaded ones a mile away.
I've never seen such a high quality bag.
The leather.
Whoa!
This looks like about four Gs.
[both laugh]
-Holy shit!
-Hey.
[robber] Look at his watch.
If this is real, a hundred million won.
Yeah. It's gotta be real.
-I think you're right.
-I am.
He's such a sharp dresser.
He'd never wear a knock-off.
-What's this?
-Look.
[sniffs]
He even smells good.
-[chauffeur] Really?
-[both sniff]
I'll see if he brought his cologne.
-[coughs]
-[robber] Oh?
Hello.
[coughs]
Who are you?
Oh, we are…
who you think we are.
[quirky music]
-[both chuckle]
-[chauffeur] How about that?
-That was sick!
-That was so gangsta.
[robber] We should run with it.
Drop the beat.
[thumps]
-[aircraft engine drones]
-[coughs]
[coughing continues]
[grunts]
[coughs]
50,000 WON
[quirky music]
[groans]
[Vincenzo coughs, groans]
[sighs]
[screams]
[Vincenzo seething]
[in Italian] I swear I'm going
to catch you assholes and kill you!
I swear to God I will!
[pants]
[speaking Italian]
-[continues speaking Italian]
-[dog barking]
[in Italian] Be quiet!
I told you to be quiet!
-[Vincenzo speaking Italian]
-[dog barks]
[Vincenzo sighs]
-[in Italian] Damn it.
-[dog barking]
Shut up!
[pants, groans]
-[dog barking]
-[Vincenzo panting]
-[speaking Italian]
-[dog yapping]
[growls]
-[Vincenzo screams in Italian]
-[dog barks]
50,000 WON
[Vincenzo chuckles]
[laughs]
[grunts]
[speaking Italian]
[screaming in Italian]
[in Italian]
You're dead!
[shouting in Italian]
[bus zooms]
[screaming in Italian]
[indistinct chatter]
[passengers chatting indistinctly]
[woman] Excuse me.
Would you like one? Here.
I gave him a towelette. He's kinda dirty…
[indistinct chatter]
[quirky music]
[quirky music continues]
GEUMGA PLAZA
CONGRATULATIONS ON PASSING
THE ARCHITECTURAL REVIEW
[Vincenzo] My goal is…
to tear down this building.
[Vincenzo] What is it I can do for you?
5 YEARS AGO, MILAN
CASSANO FAMILY'S STUDY
[man in Mandarin]
Uh, my friend Fabio told me
that you knew a safe way to hide my gold.
[in English]
His old friend, Fabio, assured him
that you would be able
to advise him properly
-on how best to hide his gold.
-Hmm.
[in Mandarin] I want to hide my gold
in Korea, not China.
And it must be kept safe to the point
that no one can steal it.
[Mr. Cho in English]
He wants to hide it in Korea,
with foolproof protection
so that no one can steal it.
-[lighter clinks]
-Hmm.
[clinks]
[Vincenzo] There is a method
that our family has used successfully
for the past 50 years.
You buy an old building in Korea,
put it in Mr. Cho's name.
That way, you won't raise any suspicions.
Then, you need to make it look like
there are businesses there.
There are shops.
UNDER CONSTRUCTION
[machine drilling]
Next, you hire builders
to create a secret room
in the basement to store your gold.
[luggage clatters]
Bring in the gold little by little,
so you don't attract attention.
Access to the safe room
should be secured by a biometric system
that only recognizes you.
[man grunts]
[Vincenzo] It must only recognize you.
Not family, friends or anyone else.
[suspenseful music]
For additional security…
that secret room…
will have a very special feature.
You made it.
-Thanks for waiting, Mr. Cho. Hi.
-Of course.
Sir, what on earth happened to you?
Uh… It's a long story.
I could use a shower.
Sure, I had someone
clean out your apartment.
And I put away the clothes
you sent from Italy.
-It's right this way. Please.
-Thank you.
[Vincenzo] Where do we stand?
[Mr. Cho] As you read in the file,
a Development Opposition Committee
has been formed.
I already told them I wouldn't
sell the building, but they're nervous.
Now, Babel's buying all the shops
around the Plaza through an E&C.
[Vincenzo] Any other pressure from them
or their other branches?
[Mr. Cho] Nothing, other than the head
of Investment and Development
coming here daily to make an offer.
[grunts]
[baby crying in distance]
[crying continues]
[doorknob rattling]
[creaks]
[Vincenzo sighs]
[dramatic classical music]
[Mr. Cho] Sir.
Uh…
There's soap in the bathroom.
Damn it.
[sighs]
[light switch clicks]
[machine whirs]
[clears throat]
There are sheets and blankets
on the bed already.
And I took the liberty of scheduling
a meeting with the tenants tomorrow.
Great. Thank you.
Once this is over,
is there a chance you might decide
to come back to Korea for good?
Not the plan.
I understand.
The things you asked me for
are on the nightstand.
So is your new phone.
I put it on the charger.
-Thanks.
-[creaking]
[thrilling music]
What are those?
It's the solar system.
Um, glow-in-the-dark stickers.
You want them off?
Don't bother. I'll be gone soon.
That's a lot of stickers.
-[Mr. Hong] Are you sure about this?
-[Mr. Lee] Yes.
JIPURAGI LAW FIRM
[Mr. Lee] The man in the fancy suit
was talking to the landlord
outside the building. I followed them.
[sighs]
It looks like he's moving in here.
-He's moving in?
-[Mr. Lee] Yes.
So how would you describe this new guy?
[Mr. Lee] Uh…
[sighs]
Pretty mysterious.
Sad, sort of, and eerie.
Handsome and dangerous.
He looks like
a movie villain actor. Sleek.
-[object thuds]
-[Mr. Nam] Oh, boy.
[Mr. Lee] Huh?
-[Mr. Nam] This is not good.
-[Mr. Lee] Why?
Good-looking villains
are always a lot more brutal.
Ah…
That explains why people avoid me.
They're scared.
-[Mr. Lee laughs]
-Dream on.
You're no tough guy, Mr. Lee.
[clicks tongue]
I can give him a thorough interrogation.
Who are you? Why are you here?
Mr. Nam, help me out.
Come closer.
First, I'd put a death grip on him.
-Twist hard.
-[grunts]
And pretty soon, he's all mine.
-Name?
-Nam Ju-sung.
-Where are you from?
-Wangsimni.
-Favorite food?
-Tteokbokki.
-I get it.
-…a pet?
-Now let go of his windpipe.
-Allergies? Okay.
I'm finished.
-Update the other tenants. Okay?
-[Mr. Lee] On it.
[suspenseful music]
[Mr. Cho]
A lot of the tenants have left already.
But we do have a lawyer
on the third floor.
Who's that?
He's on the Opposition Committee.
His name is Hong Yu-chan.
He's a real pit bull.
[electricity crackling]
[Vincenzo] Mm.
[classical piano music plays]
[bulbs clinking]
[chuckles]
[classical music continues]
[bulbs clinking]
[water trickling]
[piano music continues]
[eerie music]
[gasps]
[piano music continues]
[clears throat]
Tenants in this building,
they don't really like me.
Interesting.
DRY CLEANING
[fizzling]
[Vincenzo chuckles]
-[Mr. Cho] He's a funny guy.
-Yeah, sure.
[hissing]
-[Italian music playing]
-[Vincenzo] What?
-An Italian restaurant.
-[Mr. Cho] Yeah.
-[chuckles]
-Oh.
[knife clangs]
[clears throat]
He copied that thing from the dry cleaner.
[Mr. Cho] This is a dance studio.
[man grunts]
What kind of dance? Contemporary?
-[growls]
-[gasps]
Damn. I hate mimes.
[woman] Well, don't eat it, then.
[Mr. Lee] Come on.
[woman] You're basically telling me
my food is no good.
[Mr. Lee] It's just fishy.
-[clattering]
-[Mr. Lee gasps]
Stop!
Don't expect your pretty face
to save your ass on this one!
[Mr. Lee] My pretty face
is all I've got. You know that.
-[yells]
-[grunts]
[gasps]
-It's time for a new face.
-[screaming]
[Mr. Lee] Ah! I tap out!
Take a picture.
[Mr. Lee panting]
[woman screams]
-[Mr. Lee screams]
-[glass breaks]
[Mr. Lee] I love your food!
[utensils clattering]
[Vincenzo sighs]
YEONGHO SNACK BAR
-[door bangs]
-[boy] I need your help!
[boy's mom] How could you only get
18 measly points on your grammar test?
Did you take…
[foreboding music]
-[boy] I did my best!
-[boy's mom] Did you even study?
Is this your second language?
Did you at least get your name right?
Time to pay the piper.
-Put 'em up. Three rounds.
-Mom…
-Anything goes, huh?
-Please.
You look tough enough, you little punk!
-[mom taunting]
-[boy grunting]
-[boy's mom] Come on!
-[boy] Please.
-What's wrong with you?
-[boy groaning]
[boy] She's out of her mind.
Tell her to stop.
At least I have a mind.
And leave him out of it!
[boy] Mom, come on!
[boy's mom] I'm gonna have to leave town.
[chuckles]
[boy's mom]
You're embarrassing both of us.
Her uppercut needs work.
-[boy's mom] Enough with the…
-Huh?
-[boy's mom] You lazy punk!
-[boy] I'll try, Mother. I swear!
JIPURAGI LAW FIRM
[Vincenzo panting]
[water trickling]
[sighs]
Well…
maybe we should go to the safe room.
Uh, we'd have to ask permission.
I made a deal with the occupants.
Who are they?
A mild-mannered bunch.
NANYAK TEMPLE
[sighs]
They're monks?
They're quiet.
[Vincenzo sighs]
NANYAK TEMPLE
[suspenseful music]
[Vincenzo] That monk is sitting
on 15 tons of gold.
[suspenseful music continues]
[both gasp]
[Mr. Cho pants]
Oh, dang.
Hello.
This building belongs to you?
-That's right. We come in peace.
-Me too.
I joined the Opposition Committee,
Mr. Cho.
I intend to defend our temple.
[Mr. Cho sighs]
[monk grunting]
So the presence of Buddha
has made itself felt very strongly to him
deep beneath here.
-Not deep.
-Did he go look?
-No. He's fasting.
-[Mr. Cho] Yes.
Some monks find the light that way.
Oh.
I don't know what your story is.
My sense is that your soul needs
as much cleansing as your suit.
[quirky music]
Huh?
[door closes]
[Mr. Cho] Don't mind him.
[door opens]
[sighs]
I need to get my suit cleaned please.
BEST LAUNDROMAT
[man exhales]
[Vincenzo] See…
This is going to need
some special handling.
It's one of a kind.
This is a vintage label.
[chuckles]
No, it's not vintage.
It's a bespoke collection
from Booralro in Milan.
Booral?
Anyway, they all want special handling.
This is special.
Booralro only offers limited editions.
A company named after a ball sack
obviously has no class.
They made this cheap.
I need it tomorrow.
What time do you open?
It won't be ready by tomorrow.
Are you kidding?
[frustrated sigh]
[eerie music]
[Mr. Hong clears throat]
Hello.
I heard that you came with Mr. Cho.
-Yes.
-I'm Hong Yu-chan.
I have offices on the third floor here.
I'm senior partner
of the Jipuragi Law Firm.
Chair of the Opposition Committee.
LAWYER HONG YU-CHAN
[Vincenzo]
Always nice to meet a fellow lawyer.
You're a busy man, I'm sure.
I'm Vincenzo Cassano.
Very nice to meet you.
-[tenant 1] What's his name?
-[tenant 2] Is it Vin or Cho?
-Are they brothers?
-[Mr. Lee] They seemed close.
[tenant 3] His suit is cheap.
It's Italian but easy to pronounce.
[enunciates]
Vincenzo Cassano.
-[tenant 2] Casanova.
-[Mr. Lee] Oh.
He made it look like he's…
[overlapping chatter]
[tenant 4]
Why would you name your kid that?
Your name is not familiar.
Is your practice based here?
No. I'm actually from Italy.
-Oh.
-[grunt]
You've been there, Toto, to study cooking.
[tenant 1] Oh, that's right.
-[tenant 2] You have something in common.
-[tenant 1] He went to culinary school.
-In Rome and Milan.
-[Mr. Lee] Mm-hm.
Toto even speaks some Italian.
-You two will have a lot to talk about.
-Hmm.
Yes, uh, but conversation is like cooking.
You have to let it come about or--
Milan is gorgeous, isn't it?
Yes, it is.
[chuckles]
Italia. Milano.
[laughs]
I was in the absolute heart of the city.
Uffizi?
Oh. Uffizi.
Mmm.
[Toto] Bingo!
[chuckle]
[in Italian] Nice to meet you.
I'll stop by later.
-[clears throat]
-[in Italian] Okay.
[tenant 1] Oh, you better be good, Toto.
-[overlapping chatter]
-[laughter]
So if you were only licensed in Italy,
is it safe to assume
you're not Mr. Cho's lawyer?
Yes, it is. I'm just his business advisor.
-I look out for his interest.
-[Mr. Hong] Is that so?
Did he mention his promise
not to sell this place?
We expect him to keep it.
Don't worry. He's a man of his word.
[tenant 2]
Are you going to give us your word
that you won't take that developer's check
straight to the bank?
I'd rather talk about all this
at tomorrow's meeting, ma'am.
[tenants muttering]
Vincenzo Cassano.
[light classical music]
[Vincenzo whistling]
[grunts]
What the hell?
Ah, shit.
[clanks]
[Vincenzo gasps]
[mumbling]
Ah!
The water is freezing.
Oh, God.
There it is.
[screams]
Shit!
[mumbles]
[quirky music]
I'm not scared of you.
Calm down.
I hate this place!
[screams]
I hate you! I hate you!
Holy crap!
[yells]
[sighs]
[exhales]
[scoffs]
[groans]
[grunts]
[sighs]
[bird coos]
[groans]
[bird wings flapping]
[bird coos]
[groans]
[Vincenzo] Come on.
[grunts]
-[distant car horn honks]
-[sighs]
[tapping]
[bird coos]
[tapping continues]
[scoffs]
[clanks]
[sighs]
-[bird coos]
-[distant siren blares]
Go away.
[clanks]
[bird coos]
REQUEST TO TRANSFER PRISONER
TO HANJU PRISON FOR WOMEN
[mysterious music]
[judge] Attorney for the defense,
anything to add?
No further comment.
Counselor, your witness.
[prosecutor] The defendant Oh Gyeong-ja
did not have a good reputation
as a housekeeper.
Chairman Hwang Deok-bae
and his family were often dissatisfied.
On the day of the incident,
you took Chairman Hwang's reprimand badly
and you killed him.
-Isn't that right, Mrs. Oh?
-She has no comment.
[prosecutor] Your Honor,
this woman has a history
of disregarding other people's lives.
She abandoned her own child
to an orphanage.
It is more proof of her heartless nature.
We're submitting an affidavit
of her voluntary relinquishment
of all parental rights
pertaining to her child.
This goes to show
that she's a coldblooded--
That is not pertinent to the case.
You're my lawyer. Start defending my case.
Chairman Hwang sexually assaulted me.
It was self-defense
and everybody knows it.
Calm down and stop talking.
It's not helping.
-[Ms. Oh sighs]
-[taps table]
Your Honor,
the chairman was a known predator.
Every woman
who ever worked there suffered.
[judge] Mrs. Oh.
You must have permission to address me.
One more outburst and you will be escorted
from the courtroom.
[sighs]
I'm finished, Your Honor.
[Ms. Oh]
It was over before it even got started.
[somber music]
[sighs]
HONG YU-CHAN OF JIPURAGI LAW FIRM
APPOINTED AS THE NEW LAWYER
RETRIAL REFUSED BY THE INMATE
LAWYER HONG YU-CHAN
…APPOINTED AS THE NEW LAWYER
[somber music continues]
[TV reporter]
The statement given by the test subject
who blew the whistle on the risks
of Babel Pharm's clinical trials,
turned out to be false.
This had huge impact on the trial.
Lee was participating
in the clinical trial for RDU-90,
-of Babel Pharmaceuticals.
-[man 1] Hey!
-[TV reporter] He planned to extort…
-She's really busting a move.
Hips are swinging.
[man 2] Reminds me a bit
of Jun Ji-hyun…
on a bad day.
[laughs]
This is gonna get so many likes.
[man 1 chuckles]
[man 2] Does she know this is a laundromat
-not a dance studio? Weird.
-[man 1 laughs]
The world is my studio, you idiot!
[TV reporter talking indistinctly]
[woman] I heard every stupid word.
You know what sexual harassment is.
You know it's a serious offense, huh.
I could jail both of your stupid asses,
sexist jerks.
Hand over the phone.
[grunts]
Give me.
Give!
You are going to post this
without my permission.
I should smack you
and bring you up on charges.
You want that?
Anyway, who are you to judge my dancing,
you lousy little dimwits?
-Sorry, ma'am.
-Yeah, me too.
[washing machine beeps]
You stay here.
[beeping continues]
Sit down and stay!
You guys are gonna stick around
and help me fold my blankets.
[singing in Italian]
♪ You're my sun ♪
[in English]
♪ How I adore you ♪
♪ You're a beauty ♪
♪ And I'm a cutie ♪
[in Italian]
♪ I love ♪
[gasps]
[ominous music]
[Toto clears throat]
Welcome, sir.
So what dish would you recommend?
I would say the porcini dish
with truffle oil on spaghetti.
My trademark.
[in Italian]
Everything on your menu sounds delicious.
I'll have that.
[in English]
Great.
[in Italian]
Yes.
Oh.
Mm.
[both laugh]
[both chuckle]
Ugh!
[laughs]
[in English] It tastes like a mix
of garbage and mediocrity.
[Vincenzo chuckles]
But on the upside…
no cockroaches.
[Toto grunts]
So you lived at the Uffizi
when you were in Milan, right?
[Toto] Yes.
In Uffizi.
Mm.
You know…
the Uffizi is a gallery
in Florence, Italy.
Oh?
[laughs]
I…
[chuckles]
[in Italian]
A con artist.
-He learned to cook at Uffizi Gallery?
-[in English] Thank you for coming.
And come back soon.
Sorry.
HANJU PRISON FOR WOMEN
[gate opens]
[hurried footsteps]
[dramatic music]
[indistinct chatter]
[exhales deeply]
[sighs]
[dramatic music continues]
[exhales]
[chuckles]
That look says it all.
You got your butt kicked, huh?
I hate to admit it, but how can you tell?
[laughs]
After five years
you kinda get to know a person.
Especially an open book like you.
Ah.
Has it been that long?
[Mr. Hong chuckles]
[Ms. Oh sighs]
Are they being good to you?
Thanks to you.
Soon I won't be such a burden.
I'll be checking out of here.
[sighs]
Do us both a favor, please.
Stop with the gallows humor.
It's demoralizing.
[laughs]
[exhales]
Your monthly visits
sure have made the rumors fly.
Somebody asked me if you were my husband.
I'll play along with that.
And Cha-young will absolutely adore you.
-What? Are you…
-[both laugh]
[Ms. Oh] Funny.
For the hundredth time…
let me present my motion.
I'm not going to approve it.
I don't need a retrial.
What I need is to stay at peace with this.
I have not always done the right thing.
[sighs]
[Mr. Cho] Did your meeting go well?
Oh, yeah.
The Babel E&C representative is coming.
Huh. Let's make it a real meeting.
You have an office?
The coffee shop there is quiet.
[Mr. Hong] You can use my office.
If it concerns the tenants,
then we're better off on home turf.
[Mr. Cho exhales]
Which part do you not understand?
[Vincenzo] My client plans to demolish
the building and build a new one.
And he'll let the tenants
get their shops back.
[man scoffs]
Thank you.
What's that saying?
[scribbles]
"The best laid plans are made to change."
But if it makes you feel better…
[taps]
I sweeten the pot.
[quirky music]
[scoffs]
[sighs]
We've made our intentions clear.
[man] Yes, you have.
It's also clear…
that my efforts to play nicer
is wasted on you.
So from now on, I won't.
See, Babel E&C and I…
find that rejection can be very hurtful.
-Is that some kind of a threat?
-Of course not.
See where I come from…
we don't make idle threats.
Just promises.
[tenant 1] Huh? No way.
-We're the first ones here?
-[tenant 2] Thanks for hosting.
[tenant 1] Can we eat in here?
-[studio owner] No.
-[Mr. Tak] Greetings, Plaza people.
-Hey, why is everyone so down?
-[tenant 2] Hi, Toto.
[studio owner] Mr. Tak, you have
to take your shoes off in here.
[Mr. Tak]
Your precious dance floor. I forgot.
-[tenant 1] I love those giant windows.
-[Mr. Tak] Sorry.
Mr. Lee, you have to do something
about your feet?
-Hmm? What?
-Either go see a doctor
or put on some socks.
I did.
And she told me the bottoms of my feet
are full of sweat glands.
-It can't be helped.
-[groans]
[sighs]
In the future, can you please
use the door handle when you come in.
I spent half of my time wiping the glass
around here and the mirror.
-[sneezes]
-[gasps]
-[tenant groans]
-[studio owner laughs]
Oh, boy.
Bless you.
[chuckles]
Sorry.
There's a reason the curtains were closed
when you got in here.
Hello, everyone.
-Thank you all for coming.
-[Mr. Nam grunts]
[grumbles]
[groans]
[Mr. Hong]
As tenants, we need a written guarantee.
We can't just take your word for it.
You'll get a contract.
We'll be getting it drawn up soon.
We just wanted to make sure
you are all onboard first.
When you told us you were a lawyer
in Italy, were you telling the truth?
[Vincenzo chuckles]
Yes.
So you have no experience with Korean law?
This matter doesn't require legal skills.
It's about Mr. Cho's commitment to you.
I will guarantee you new spaces
once I rebuild.
Is this all true?
[scoffs]
Of course. You can trust both of us.
What does Buddha think?
We're gonna have to trust someone
and he seemed genuine enough.
I'm in. I did a bit of research
on Mr. Casanova's last name.
It means new house.
Yes, I agree. That sounds very promising.
[sighs]
[Mr. Lee]
I just think it's fair to warn you.
[grunts]
That I know martial arts.
If you try to take advantage of us,
I'll go full-blown jujitsu on you.
The guillotine choke hold.
-[chuckles]
-[tenant 1] Put that down.
Nobody's buying your ninja act.
Let's sum it up.
Show of hands if you're onboard.
[thrilling music]
I don't trust this guy Cassano.
He's way too smooth.
But it looks like we're outnumbered.
[whispers]
Oh, shit.
I can't believe he got us.
I say we go with the flow on this.
[sighs]
Wondrous Buddha.
[door closes]
Mr. Hong.
The tenants have no choice
but to trust you.
You have all the power.
I'm afraid you're going to pull
a fast one, though.
[scoffs]
So then, you just pretended to trust me?
Yes. I'm used to protecting people
who are between a rock and a hard place.
I've been doing this for a long time.
I don't trust people like you.
[scoffs]
[Vincenzo sighs]
That's honest enough.
But we're both doing the same work.
We do completely different work.
I represent people,
and you represent money.
I work for people just like you do.
Yes, you do.
Those with deep pockets.
[chuckles]
You will accept Babel's offer
when it suits
whatever ulterior motive you have.
So do us both a favor
when the others aren't around.
And drop the nice guy act.
[suspenseful music]
[chatter on TV]
-[door closes]
-[door lock beeps]
[Mr. Cho] Hey, I'm home.
Sweetheart?
-You guys here?
-[thumps]
-[grunts]
-[Mr. Cho's wife] Honey!
Ju-yeong? Are you all right?
-What do you want with us?
-It's a paperwork issue.
[grunts]
Are you all right?
[goon] Hmm.
[blows]
GEUMGA PLAZA CONTRACT OF SALES
-[goon] All right.
-Seriously?
Just hurry up and sign it.
My favorite show starts in 15 minutes.
[suspenseful music]
[Cha-young humming]
Hmm?
ATTORNEY HONG CHA-YOUNG
JIPURAGI LAW FIRM, LAWYER HONG YU-CHAN
RECIPIENT HONG CHA-YOUNG
What does he want now?
[groans]
-[rustling]
-[sighs]
RELINQUISHMENT OF PARENTAL RIGHTS
Hmm.
RECIPIENT HONG CHA-YOUNG
RELINQUISHMENT OF PARENTAL RIGHTS
DUE TO ETHICS VIOLATIONS
"Ethics violations?" Jerk.
[phone beeps]
-[line rings]
-[clears throat]
-[spritzing]
-[phone buzzes]
-I'm fine.
-[phone beeps]
You bastard!
-[line rings]
-No, thank you.
-[phone beeps]
[mocking laugh]
[scoffs]
Forget you too.
[grumbles]
GEUMGA PLAZA CONTRACT OF SALES
[goon 1] This guy is so bad.
I could act circles around him.
[goon 2 laughs]
You should do that.
-You should get your own TV show.
-[goon 3] Yes, sir!
[goon 2] You'll be a superstar.
[phone buzzes]
Yeah?
Okay. I got it.
It's a done deal. Check your bank account.
Hey, let's go.
-[goon 2] Nice.
-[goon 3] Yes, sir.
[goon 2] Yeah, forget this.
[suspenseful music]
[Mr. Nam] It says that
by nature of clinical trials…
Ms. Hong.
It's extremely rude to come barging
into my office, Ms. Hong.
Really, Dad?
Not dad.
The point is to remove that word
from your vocabulary.
[scoffs]
Your document is worthless.
The family registration system
was abolished eons ago.
You're being ridiculous.
You're not familiar with the term
"moral victory," are you?
-Hey, hey, hey.
-Sir.
Look into this.
I wanna know, what possessed you?
It's like the United Nations on here.
"The disowned party
shall permanently seize
using any words meaning father,
such as dad, papa, appa, otosan,
abuji, papochka, padre."
And on it goes.
[laughs]
You're such a child.
[cackles]
-[Cha-young] You're--
-[Mr. Nam gasps]
-Mr. Nam!
-Yes?
I'm in the middle of a tirade.
Please proceed.
[Vincenzo screams]
[in Italian] Damn it.
How is this even possible?
Damn you. Get out of my sight!
[continues speaking Italian]
Si.
[in English]
Tell me how the hell this happened?
It's the low-grade material.
Good quality wouldn't shrink like that.
This cost a fortune.
-It's superior craftmanship.
-How much?
A real tailor would know
how much Booralro's worth!
[Vincenzo sighs]
Why am I even talking to you?
Hey.
The cropped jacket
really shows off your physique.
Looks good. A lot cooler than before.
You might start a trend.
You're trying to brag about this?
If I wasn't good,
I wouldn't have lasted 40 years.
You should know better
if you're the master!
[sighs]
You can't fix this…
but you will pay.
[in Italian]
You will.
[PA system blares]
[man on PA system] Attention!
Tenants of Geumga Plaza,
come out of the building now.
That sounds important.
You can leave me cash.
[speaking Italian]
-[phone buzzes]
-[sighs]
[buzzing continues]
Hello, what is it?
I had no choice.
They've threatened my family.
They forced me.
I'm on my way to the Plaza.
I'll make it…
[crashes]
-[tires screeching]
-[glass shattering]
What was that?
Hello? Can you hear me? What happened?
[Cha-young]
I can overlook everything you wrote here.
It's fine. I can live with it.
But this… I don't get this.
"Photographs of recipient
and any other childhood memorabilia
that identifier make reference
to the petitioner as the parent
will be donated
to the Sangcheon District Office
for their upcoming
Geumga-dong's History exhibition."
They're gonna display our old pictures?
-Do you want me to die of shame?
-[Mr. Hong bangs on table]
They're my pictures.
You have no say in it.
Why do you wanna embarrass me like that?
I'll be a laughingstock.
You want "embarrassed"?
Try having a daughter
who acts less than human.
You're supposed to fight for justice
and protect the innocent.
It's part of the oath, remember? Huh?
Aren't you tired of being smug?
Your giant ego is blinding you
to the truth.
You hate the rich and it's your
life's mission to redistribute the wealth.
It's fair and square mechanical justice.
It is fair!
When money doesn't corrupt it
into rational justice.
[Cha-young]
Money is power. Power gets justice.
In Korea and the entire world!
You go on living like that!
But I forbid you to come near me.
Sounds good. Let's cut off all ties!
-We're done!
-Oh, please don't.
-Guys!
-I won't even take your calls.
-Why would I call you?
-Don't even bother calling.
-I'll lose your number.
-[Mr. Lee] Mr. Hong!
-Then I'll block yours.
-Mr. Hong!
You have to come. They're here. Outside!
GEUMGA PLAZA
[suspenseful music]
Welcome, sir.
[sighs]
Good help is so hard to find these days.
Why aren't my signs up, huh?
I want it done now.
Aren't you cold?
Let's go.
[all] Yes, sir.
NOTICE
SELLER: CHO YEONG-UN
BUYER: BABEL E&C
-[tenant 1] Who are they?
-[tenant 2] Are they allowed to do this?
[tenant 3] Did he sell out?
[tenant 1] Are they kicking us out?
-[goon 1] Just put it up right there.
-[goon 2] Okay.
Cover the other one.
-[Mr. Park] Ready?
-[goon 1] Yes, Mr. Park.
My name is Park Seok-do.
I'm CEO of Ant Company.
I represent Babel Tower Development.
Your future owner.
-[applause]
-[tutting]
What's Ant Company's business?
It's a loan sharking business
that sends people to the hospital
when they don't pay up.
-Ah!
-[Mr. Park] So…
From now on, Babel E&C is your landlord.
Starting today, my Compensation Team
will visit each of you
to ensure a streamline transition.
I knew we shouldn't trust him.
We'll have to move.
They're leaving us high and dry.
I'm sorry I didn't shrink
Mr. Casa-traitor's suit to smithereens.
-[Mr. Tak] Where is he?
-[Mr. Park] Oh!
By the way, don't be trying
to give us a hard time, okay?
It tends to make these fine gentlemen
a little jumpy.
And when they get jumpy,
they start to break stuff.
-Stop threatening us.
-Stop acting crazy.
-This is not the time to play hero.
-You're a tough guy.
-You can't do this.
-But I can do this.
-[both grunt]
-[thuds]
-[Mr. Tak] Are you okay?
-[goon 1] Get the hell back up.
And what were you saying?
[Mr. Park laughs]
[woman groans]
I was saying that you can't block the way
to the restroom.
-What if someone needs to use it?
-I thought you were for real.
[chuckles]
Okay, boys.
Move out of the way.
We wouldn't want people
to wet themselves, would we?
Please, go ahead. There.
-[goon 2] Go right ahead.
-[goon 3] Have a good trip.
-[lady tenant] Bless his heart.
-Thank you.
He's all bluster and no backbone.
[Mr. Hong] You need to leave.
This is intimidation,
and it's completely illegal.
We're not intimidating, we're informing,
and paying generously too.
You say you'll compensate us,
-but none of us is getting a single penny.
-[goon 1] Enough!
This is a good day.
Why are you trying to ruin the boss's day?
-Oh, watch out.
-My goodness!
-He's crazy.
-[Cha-young] Hey!
[scoffs]
Who are you?
He just happens to be my father.
But more importantly,
Wusang Law is my employer.
-We're no longer related.
-[sucks teeth]
[whispers]
Please shut up.
What's a lawyer from Wusang doing here?
What is it to you?
[Cha-young] The way you're going
about this is all wrong.
It's bad business.
And it makes you look like losers.
Like a bunch of extras
from a '90s gangster show.
[goon 1] Sweetheart.
If you're looking for a little extra,
I can bring you extra.
-Bang!
-[Mr. Hong] Cha-young!
-[goon 1 chuckles]
-[indistinct chatter]
[Cha-young gasps]
-[scoffs]
-[goon 1 chuckles]
You put your hands on me again…
-I'll make sure you never have children!
-Calm down.
Whatever. Your kid needs to learn
how to keep her mouth shut!
[Vincenzo in Italian]
Stop there!
[suspenseful music]
[suspenseful music continues]
[Mr. Tak] What did he say?
Where's my tape measure?
So what do you want?
You wanna go potty?
-Well, go on, by all means.
-[goons chuckle]
-This way.
-You are the Ant Company?
Who the hell are you?
Vincenzo Cassano.
I represent Mr. Cho Yeong-un,
the building owner.
"Vincenzo"? You're Italian?
[goon 1] You represent nothing.
Except for a waste of breath.
-[grunts]
-[tenants gasp]
[groans]
[Mr. Park] Hold on. Hold on.
-[tenant chuckles]
-No way!
[scoffs]
Hot damn.
That was very efficient. I respect that.
[groaning]
I'm listening.
[Vincenzo] Hmm.
-[Mr. Park grunts]
-[goons gasp]
[Mr. Park groans]
[Mr. Park yelps]
I think it's broken.
You asshole! Do you know who I am?
You're gonna die.
-[Mr. Park grunting]
-[all gasp]
[screams]
-[whimpers]
-[goon 1] Boss!
You come anywhere near me…
-[Mr. Park gasps]
-[goon 2] Hang on! Hang on!
[whimpers]
-…and down he goes.
-[Mr. Park] Just do what he says.
And nobody move. Leave him alone.
[Mr. Park whimpers]
-[sighs]
-[Mr. Park shuddering]
It's not a tall building,
so you wouldn't die,
you'll just break a few bones.
[whimpers]
But if your ugly face happens
to hit first…
then I would recommend you go
with a closed coffin. Okay?
[whimpers]
Stop him. This is so dangerous.
It's not that high. He'll be fine.
Pull me up, asshole. Pull me up!
Babel doesn't own this building.
Mr. Cho does.
You shouldn't have done that.
Go after his wife and daughter.
You get me up there right now. Or else!
This building does not belong to you.
I'll get it back,
and then I'll get revenge.
[breathes shakily]
[in Italian]
This building belongs to me.
[lady tenant]
That was Italian, right? What did he say?
[Mr. Tak] Uh, something è mio.
He said…
Wow!
-É mio! É mio! É mio! É mio!
-[tenants clapping]
Oh! Oh!
[thrilling music]
SPECIAL THANKS TO JIN SUN-KYU,
LEE HEE-JUN, JEONG SOON-WON
[thrilling rock music]
[Vincenzo]
I don't expect you to believe me.
[Mr. Hong] "Threatened"?
You're really committed to this stunt.
When I pull this off,
you and the tenants will be blown away.
[Cha-young] I know that there's
something else going on.
There's some other reason
that you're doing it.
[Mr. An] He could have secretly stashed
a fortune in Korea.
[woman] Aren't we the best in the country
when it comes to playing dirty?
[man] I'm very busy, so next time,
get right to the point.
-Assholes like them should pay.
-Oh, yeah?
Cha-young! Cha-young! Tomorrow at 11 p.m.
[Mr. Han] Regardless of legality,
the job is gonna get done.
[Mr. Hong]
We have to stop them no matter what.
Hey!
[Vincenzo]
I thought I would follow your example.